Yes, Mr Moore
chapter-2
My Lords, I appear on behalf of uh, the appellant
chapter-3
I'll refer to simply as 'A'
chapter-4
Along with Mr Vasal Adams
chapter-5
My learned friends: Mr Jonathan Crow...
chapter-6
Mr Jason Copel
chapter-7
appear for the respondent
chapter-8
and my learned friends: Lord Panic and Mr Higgin
chapter-9
uh, appear on behalf of justice
chapter-10
as an intervener in this appeal.
chapter-11
Lords, this is an appeal against a decision of the court of appeal
chapter-12
of the 18th of February of this year,
chapter-13
that the Administrative Court has no jurisdiction
chapter-14
to hear proceedings brought by 'A' against the respondent
chapter-15
pursuant to Section 7-1A of the Human Rights Act.
--------- Demo transcript extract cut at this point - go to Chapter 2 Button above ------------------------------------
chapter-16
Just out of interest, why's it so clear that
chapter-17
the claim is under 7-1A rather than
chapter-18
a claim which involves reliance on the convention right: 7-1B?
--------- Demo transcript extract cut at this point - go to Chapter 3 Button above ------------------------------------
chapter-19